Use Gradle on CI (#588)
pinterest/ktlint: README.md

#### Access to the latest `master` snapshot

Whenever a commit is added to the `master` branch a snapshot build is automatically uploaded to [Sonatype's snapshots repository](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/pinterest/ktlint/).
If you are eager to try upcoming changes (that might or might not be included in the next stable release) you can do 

> so by changing version of ktlint to `0.35.0-SNAPSHOT` + adding a repo: 

Reviewer: I would propose to not specify latest version here, but use `<latest-version>`. This would simplify new release process.
```suggestion
so by changing version of ktlint to `<latest-version>-SNAPSHOT` + adding a repo: 
```
